content/announcements/week-0.md, before:

---
title: Week 0
weight: 1
week: 0
---

1. The Linux SysAdmin Decal is back for Spring 2025!
1. Join us at Decal infosessions on 1/28 and 1/30, 7pm @ OCF Lab or at [ocf.io/meet](ocf.io/meet)! If you weren't able to make it to an infosession, access the slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1rFUGRpGWhRGZeFXp39WWkh7sJwK4kjj2E3l-rI0x634/edit?usp=sharing).
1. **To enroll, [fill out lab 0 here](https://forms.gle/eEzeC3w4N9hmeMDA7)!** Lab 0 is due **Saturday, Feb. 1st at 11:59pm** and enrollment keys will be sent to those who complete it.
1. Learn more about the course at the [about page](/about).
1. Any questions? Contact us at [decal@ocf.berkeley.edu](mailto:decal@ocf.berkeley.edu)!
1. Looking for a previous semester's materials? You can view it in the [archive](/archive).

<!-- 1. **The Linux SysAdmin Decal is back for Spring 2022!**
1. If you'd like to receive more info on how to enroll, [fill out the interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1k64KUU4AwevWuMBAp1szpKNIYcYrzEQybUaIZzK78tU/)!
1. Learn more about the course at the [about page](/about).
1. There will be two identical infosessions on **Tuesday, Jan. 25, 8 pm** and  **Thursday, Jan. 27, 8 pm** on [ocf.io/decalzoom](https://ocf.io/decalzoom).
1. Lab 0, which must be complete prior to enrolling, will be released after the infosessions.
1. Any questions? Contact us at [decal@ocf.berkeley.edu](mailto:decal@ocf.berkeley.edu)!
1. Looking for a previous semester's materials? You can view it in the [archive](/archive). -->

Commit message:

Update schedule + announcements for Fall 2025 (#1)
* hidelink and updated schedule

Signed-off-by: Sawan Srivastava <sawan1210@gmail.com>

* update announcements for week 0

Signed-off-by: Sawan Srivastava <sawan1210@gmail.com>

* Update week-0.md

---------

Signed-off-by: Sawan Srivastava <sawan1210@gmail.com>

content/announcements/week-0.md, after:

---
title: Week 0
weight: 1
week: 0
---

1. The Linux SysAdmin Decal is back for Fall 2025!
1. Join us at Decal infosessions on 9/02 and 9/04, 7pm @ OCF Lab or at [ocf.io/meet](ocf.io/meet)! 
1. **To enroll, [fill out lab 0 here](https://forms.gle/JXjWwG8AKBajVnHZ7)!** Lab 0 opens after the first infosession and is due **Saturday, Sept. 6th at 11:59pm**. 
1. Learn more about the course at the [about page](/about).
1. Any questions? Contact us at [decal@ocf.berkeley.edu](mailto:decal@ocf.berkeley.edu)!
1. Looking for a previous semester's materials? You can view it in the [archive](/archive).

<!-- 1. **The Linux SysAdmin Decal is back for Spring 2022!**
1. If you'd like to receive more info on how to enroll, [fill out the interest form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1k64KUU4AwevWuMBAp1szpKNIYcYrzEQybUaIZzK78tU/)!
1. Learn more about the course at the [about page](/about).
1. There will be two identical infosessions on **Tuesday, Jan. 25, 8 pm** and  **Thursday, Jan. 27, 8 pm** on [ocf.io/decalzoom](https://ocf.io/decalzoom).
1. Lab 0, which must be complete prior to enrolling, will be released after the infosessions.
1. Any questions? Contact us at [decal@ocf.berkeley.edu](mailto:decal@ocf.berkeley.edu)!
1. Looking for a previous semester's materials? You can view it in the [archive](/archive). -->
